Update the caddy error docs link (#1696)
gohugoio/hugoDocs: content/en/templates/404.md

* Nginx. You might specify `error_page 404 /404.html;` in your `nginx.conf` file. [Details here](https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_core_module.html#error_page).
* Amazon AWS S3. When setting a bucket up for static web serving, you can specify the error file from within the S3 GUI.
* Amazon CloudFront. You can specify the page in the Error Pages section in the CloudFront Console. [Details here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/custom-error-pages.html)

> * Caddy Server. Using `errors { 404 /404.html }`. [Details here](https://caddyserver.com/docs/caddyfile/directives/handle_errors)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Caddy Server. Use the `handle_errors` directive to specify error pages for one or more status codes. [Details here](https://caddyserver.com/docs/caddyfile/directives/handle_errors)
```
